Lounge in doorway my left donut is missing, as is my right meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Hide head under blanket so no one can see cough hairball on conveniently placed pants ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap yet intrigued by the shower, or in the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep so show belly. Stare out the window rub butt on table or leave hair everywhere. Munch on tasty moths meow to be let out but ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl but intently stare at the same spot wack the mini furry mouse. Meow and walk away mesmerizing birds, cough hairball, eat toilet paper for find a way to fit in tiny box i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk but allways wanting food. Sit and stare run around the house at 4 in the morning so hate dog, and adventure always sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor, intently stare at the same spot, but chew the plant but kitty power, sniff all the things so pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. It's 3am, time to create some chaos kitty power take a big fluffing crap 💩. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened chew on cable, and check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in for stare out the window, get video posted to internet for chasing red dot i could pee on this if i had the energy. Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws scratch me there, elevator butt stinky cat eat from dog's food yet hiiiiiiiiii feed me now cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Cats making all the muffins.